---
title: Better Duck
id: 6
type: Text
synopsis: All three meet in gym class; Kassie, Thomas and Drew. Unknowingly to Kassie, Drew’s hatred that Thomas is spending time with Kassie has lead her to set up the class against her. When they play dodgeball, Drew and her clique has instructed the class to only throw at Kassie
---

Kassie arrived at the gymnasium. She was thrilled Josiah actually gave her the proper directions; some people get a kick out of sending others in wrong direction.

She walks up to the four wooden doors to the gym. She pulled at one of them. “Shoot, it's locked” she says under her breath. 

She turns her back to the wall next to the door, leaned back toward it and slid down it until her bottom touched the floor. She closed her eyes, and in that moment, felt free. In a field with grass up to her ankles. “Turn around” her sensei says. 

“Welcome to your zen place. We come here to clear our minds. We are protected here; however our bodies aren't. So be weary where you meditate!”

“Now, WAKE UP!”, her sensei yells; just then a locker slammed really loud. Kassie's eyes opened to a hallway full of people. The door to the gym, wide open. 

“Hey Kassie…you missed lasagna at lunch” Thomas says to Kassie, always popping up at opportunistic moments.

“I'm not a fan of tomato sauce” she says. Kassie is starting to open up more, all because someone spoke to her. She was started to get more witty with her replies when most other time, she'd be deafeningly quiet. 

Thomas put his hand out for Kassie to help her back to her feet. “They're having burgers tomorrow” he says.

“I don't eat red meat; will they have turkey?” Kassie asks

“We can ask the lunch staff to make us certain foods all the time” Thomas says

“Yeah, for the ‘special’ ones” Drew says as her “entourage” giggled 

“I must have missed the joke” Kassie whispered to Thomas as they both giggle amongst themselves to which Drew stopped to watch over before entering the gym. 

“You like dodgeball?” Thomas asks

“Yeah, actually” Kassie answers

“Well, come on then” Thomas says guides her into the gym; ands still held. When they enter, someone yells “Owhhhh”. 

Everyone looked toward Kassie and Thomas and joined in, much to Drew’s chagrin. 

Kassie and Thomas unlocked hands rather quick, and look toward each other and smirked. “Team Captain!” Thomas yells. “Team Captain” Drew yells. 

“That's a first; team captains picked before anyone got  changed” Mr. Gable yells to the class. “Well, get changed so we can start!”

The class went to their respective locker rooms. “Thomas, I didn't bring gym clothes” Kassie says. 

“No one does, the school have them for the students. Just find your size and put your stuff in a locker. You can put your own number as a code to lock it.” Thomas replies. 

“See you when you get back” He says, followed by him turn away and trotting to the guys locker room. 

Everything was just as Thomas said. It was immaculate; showers with fresh wash clothes and towels ready. Clothes for all sizes and all shapes. The changing area had the lockers around the perimeter, a little too open for Kassie; but her day wasn't going to get bogged down by having to change in front of her classmates. 

When she was done, she put her clothes and book bag in an empty locker; she put in the code 1023, Brubaker’s classroom. 

Kassie closed the door and when she turned to leave, she noticed one of Drew’s friends, one of her many, many friends, looking over her shoulder before faking as if she was stretching the whole time.

“Hey! Just stretching a bit before class!” The random student says.

Kassie, sensing something, begins acting normal but becomes more observant. When she arrives back to gym, she notices that all of the teams were picked and ready to play. 

“Just in time, I picked you for my team” Thomas says. “Cool” Kassie replies, now doubting Thomas’ demeanor. 

“Alright! Get on your lines! 3…2…1”

*Whistle screams*

While everyone else ran for the balls in the middle of the court, Kassie stood, standing on the line; rather unengaged. 

“Here Kassie” Thomas says, tossing a ball to her. 

“Thanks”

Right then two balls wizzed by, one hitting Thomas in the arm. 

The other wizzed to the right of her head; the wind whipping a few of her dreads.

“You're out Thomas” Mr. Gable yelled, with a grin on his face. 

Kassie looked over to seeing the two girls Cassie saw talking to Drew outside the main office, high five Drew. 

Then two more, only aimed at Kassie; how could ten people only want to hit one person? Kassie dips the first one and dove to a roll on the second. On one knee, looking at Drew, she realized that Drew was far from her friend, but why?

“Yeah, Kassie! You can do it! Take em all on!” Thomas yells in encouragement.

“Thomas!” Kassie mind deduces. 

She stands from her knee; a tad bit infuriated, on her first day, someone was proving her right to be anti social. 

Another ball is thrown, aimed at Kassie’s face. Without even looking at it, she raised the ball with both her hands and parries it away. Another one comes again, she parries. 

Kassie crow hops and launches her ball towards Drew; one of her teammates steps in front of it. 

“You're Out Susan!” Mr. Gable yelled

Another ball comes here way. Kassie catches it in mid air. All of Kassie's teammates stop running around after noticing the opposing team only aiming for Kassie. 

“Aim for her teammates” Drew instructs her team. 

*Pat*

“You’re out Abby” Mr. Gable yells

*Slap*

“You too Mary” Mr. Gable yells

The numbers, four to one. 

Kassie launches her ball toward Drew again, but this time Drew dips it and it struck Josiah in the gut, sending him into matted wall.

Kassie picks up a ball next to her; the second she rose up, she had to thrust her hips forward, curving her body just to dodge another one. 

Kassie smirks and runs towards Drew. A ball is hurled at her. Kassie jumped into the air and performing a backflip while twisting in the air; she launches a ball before landing back on the ground. 

The ball hit a student standing next to Drew in the side of the head, then struck the other girl Drew spoke to by the office, square in the face. 

*Whistle Screams*

“Out, Team Drew wins!” Mr. Gables yells

Kassie looked down to see that her front foot was on the midline. 

Drew had a look of someone spared from defeat. 

Thomas came over and high five’d Kassie along with a few of her teammates. Thomas eagerly says, “That was awesome; where did you learn those moves from?” Almost stumbling over his words from excitement 

“I don't know…it…it just came to me” Kassie says, exhausted and dazed. 

“Everyone! Get changed so you can make it to your next class on time!” Mr. Gable orders the class. 

“What was with Drew’s team?!?” Thomas asks Kassie.

“Maybe you should ask her” Kassie replies snappingly.

“I have to go get my roster” Kassie tells Thomas before walk away from Thomas toward the girls locker room. 

Thomas started jogging to catch up with Kassie, asking her “Do you want me to join you?” 

“No, I know my way. Don't be late to class”

“But do you want me to join you?”

“No; I've already made an enemy from hanging with”

“Who, Drew?”

Kassie reaches the door to the locker room, turned to Thomas and said “Look, I'm too tired to talk about it; I'll see you later.”

Kassie turned away from Thomas and walked through the door. “Ok” was all that Thomas was able to say; he had his speech, he just didn't have the words to say.

