---
title: Easy Is Never Easy
id: 74
type: Text
synopsis: After having success in finding a friend, Kasey seems content and is feeling more comfortable. Unfortunately things goes south, after false rumors on social media force Kasey to defend not only her name, but her self
---

The school is magnificent, in size that is. Over 2000 students makes this school one of the largest in the city. Kasey and her mother pull behind the long chain of cars dropping off other students. 

Some in Ubers and Lyfts, others with there actual parents, like Kasey; the rest either walked or caught the city bus. Kasey’s mother Claire, wouldn't dare let Kasey ride the bus. 

In some cases Claire was overprotective. But, what could one expect from a single mother raising her only child. 

“I guess it's about that time”, Claire says as she pulls the car to the drop off point. 

“How is this the drop off point…the school still like a block away?!?” Kassie says, noticing where the front door of the school is.

“Don't try to make small talk” Claire says. 

“You know me too well” Kassie replies. 

“Alright!” Kassie says as she opens the door somewhat aggressively, picks her bag up and begins getting out of the car.

“Sweetie” Claire says as she reaches out to touch Kassie’s shoulder, “have a great day!”

“I’ll try to” Kassie says apprehensively.

“I love you mom”

“I love you too sweetie”

Claire gave a look; the type of look a parent gives when their child is leaving for the Peace Corp or college, or even the Army. The look where they are ready to let go, but don't exactly know how to. 

The how-to for Claire, is her not stopping Kassie from growing as a person.

As Kassie walked toward the school. 

Claire followed right behind her, but not to close to look noticeable; she didn't want to look creepy. 

She followed as far as she could before the street curved toward the main road. And even there, she held up traffic just to make sure Kassie made it to the front door.

*Honk*

*Honk Honk*

“C’mon, move it lady, I got to get to work” someone shouts from one of the cars behind Claire.

Kassie reaches the door.

Since the sky didn't fall in the walk between the car and the school, Claire makes a right and turns onto the main road. 

Everyone held up by her could finally be on there way to work. Most of them were rushing toward jobs they hated, but held anyway, just to maintain their households; a humbling part of adulthood. 

Claire was the opposite, she enjoyed her job. Claire did struggle to become a doctor; every doctor does. The  bright moments of her life because Kassie's father was still alive. 

She help people when they were in need. And that's how she met Kassie's father Benjamin. Being a Doctor is a hard job; seeing someone in sheer pain is hard for someone as empathetic as Claire. 

During her residency in the E.R., a few years before Kassie was born, she saw some horrific things. One of those things was Benjamin shot just below his bulletproof vest. 

He survived; they married a year later. That was why Claire chose to concentrate in Internal Medicine. She wanted to stop problems before they happened. 

If one of Claire’s patients had an above normal blood pressure, she called for diet changes. If a patient’s BMI was above normal standards, she would order a gym membership. As already stated, overprotective. 

That overprotectiveness is also why she has one of the most successful clinics in the state. Most of her patients are have been with her for years, including the one she was rushing to see this morning. 

Kassie walks through 2 sets of doors, one set solid metal with rectangular windows; the other set is glass with the school name arched across them, Settler Prep. 

Founded by Walter Seto in the 1800’s, Settler Prep is one of the most prestigious schools in city. People here make friends fast, since most of them come from the same economical background; wealthy. Kassie’s mother would be considered on the low end even though she was a successful doctor. 

All of the outcasts were financial aid students that weren't playing in any sports or apart of any clubs. Kassie was destined to be one of them as well. 

The hallway just after the entrance was overwhelming; students peppering every inch of the hallway. 

*Hundreds of conversations at once*

*Lockers slamming*

*Stop running through the halls young man!*

*A few students laugh loudly while walking to class*

“Hey; you are clearly new here!” A student says to Kassie. 

“Um!” Kassie says, flabbergasted that someone actually spoke to here. 

For a while there, with all of the students bustling through the hall, she thought she already blended into the crowd. 

“You'll probably want to to visit the main office for your roster.” The random student says to Kassie.

“How did you…” Kassie says, questioning this student’s observation skills. 

“Like I said, you're new here. The office is that way”, the student says, pointing down the hall toward a sign that read “Main Office”.

“My name is Thomas, by the way” as Thomas walks away from Kassie toward his classes. “Enjoy your first day!” He says while his back was turned to Kassie, throwing the peace sign over his shoulder. 

“Bye!” Kassie says under her breath. Maybe it was the anti social thing, or maybe it was just her being smitten by Thomas; but she had the words to speak, she just couldn't. 

She shrugs her interaction with Thomas off and makes her way to the main office.

She opens the door to the office and walks up toward the front desk. A woman, on the phone with someone, raises her index finger to Kassie to tell her “one second please” without breaking her conversation to actually say it.

Kassie waits patiently as the woman talks to the person on the phone about something personal, but clearly not important. Kassie, looking around the office, she notices a window viewing the hallway she came from. 

Two girls were talking to another girl. Their conversation with the one girl was rather passionate. What caught Kassie’s eye was the fact that one of the girls was pointing toward Kassie, without trying to look over at her. 

The girl being talked to nodded to the other two girls and then turned toward the window. Noticing Kassie saw their interaction, she waves away the other girls, then came into the office. 

“Hey Ms. Jones!” the girl says instantly as she walked through the door. 

“Hey Drew!” Ms. Jones replies; putting whoever she was on the phone with on hold. 

“Who are you?” Ms. Jones asked Kassie

“My name is Kassie…Um, I just started today.”

“Ok”; next Ms. Jones started tapping a pen on the desk as she searched for Kassie's roster. “Found it” Ms. Jones exclaims.

“You look kinda busy Ms. Jones; I can show Kassie…Kassie right?” Drew says looking for confirmation from Kassie.

“I'll show Kassie around the school and make sure she gets to her class” Drew says with a cheering smile on her face. 

“You are in safe hands Kassie” Ms. Jones says as she passes Kassie’s roster to Drew. 

Ms. Jones picks up the phone and says “Hey…you still there? Hello? Oh, okay well…” as she waves her hand toward the the girls to leave, then swiveled her chair around. 

“Come on; you class is this way” Drew says while holding open the office door for Kassie

“My name is Drew, by the way”

