---
title: Lumps And Bruises
id: 7
type: Text
synopsis: After the intense dodgeball game, the students struck by Kassie’s aim are still reeling. Kassie finds her locker open, book bag gone. Again, her feeling of being smited brings in a new “feeling” inside Kassie.
---

Kassie enters the locker room, which is nearly empty. She walks toward the locker she used.

As Kassie turned the corner, she noticed the door to her locker open. She runs over to the empty locker to find her book bag and clothes missing.

“Where's my stuff? Where is my stuff?!?!”

“Where!”

*Long sigh*

“Can you feel it? Can you sense where your clothes are, where your book bag is?” Sensei Lee says to Kassie

“Yes Sensei, it's rather faint” Kassie says

“Hold on to that. Ok, you know the drill. Eyes open”

“Hey Drew!” Kassie says, feeling Drew’s presence, though no one was immediately around Kassie. 

“Hey!” Drew says as she creeps from around the corner. “How come you haven't changed yet?”

“Because my clothes are missing; along with my book bag” Kassie says, semi-angrily.

“Where do you think it is?”

“I know exactly where it is”

“Then it's technically not missing, right?”

“It was”

“What changed?”

“You did. Now, my my stuff is innnnnnnnnnnn” Kassie says as she puts her curled index finger to her chin and started pacing away from the empty locker, towards where Drew was standing. 

“This locker” Kassie says

Drew, giving a shocked face but not to over zealous, as to try and still bluff, replies “what's the combination?” Drew says nervously. 

“ABC, easy 1-2-3” Kassie says while punching in the 3 digits, 1,2,3. 

“These are 4 digit lockers sweetheart” Drew says with a smirk which is cut short, as Kassie opens the locker. 

“Oh really!?!?” Kassie replies sarcastically to Drew; her book bag, a good start. But no clothes.

“Found all of your stuff?” Drew asks 

“Partly” Kassie responds

“Hey Drew, you have to see this” Someone out of Kassie's view says

“Good luck finding your stuff, that's not ‘technically’ missing” Drew says while walking away. 

“Shoot; what did I ever do to her? I just want this day to be over!” Kassie says to herself. 

“Your clothes are right here” A voice softly says, similar to the voice that just spoke to Drew. 

Kassie paced to the other side of the lockers to see yet again, one of the girls that spoke to Drew outside of the main office. 

“Are you okay?” Kassie asked, noticing something off. 

“Other than the dodgeball you threw really hard at me, I'm okay. Can't say the same about the others. My name is Beth” 

“Nice to meet you Beth; hate to say it, but you are the fourth person to be nice to me today; why should I believe you are telling the truth?”

“About what?”

“About anything; I saw you talking to Drew back at the office”

“Look, I don't know what it is…maybe you knocked some sense in to me or something; but Drew is planing something against you and I can't be apart of it anymore. And after sees what's upstairs, she will definitely move forward”

“What's upstairs?”

“I told you…you hit me the softest and a patch of my hair is missing.”

“So where are my clothes?”

“Right here” Beth punches in the code 0000, and opened the locker. “Here!” Beth says as she tosses Kassie her clothes. 

“Thanks”

“I am going back upstairs, don't talk to me ever again!” Beth says as she stormed off.

Kassie quickly changes then returns upstairs.

There, she sees Josiah, still pressed up against the matted wall. Kassie jogs over to see what was wrong. “You okay Josiah?” Kassie sincerely asks.  

“Little help” Josiah whispers to Kassie

As Kassie helped get him off the wall, it produced a sound similar to Velcro. As Kassie looked around, each of the students were still down. Drew, tending to one of her friends, slowly looked up at Kassie then rolled her eyes away. 

“You good to walk Josiah” Kassie asks

“Yeah, I'm fine!” Josiah said as he tried to walk toward the bleachers. He took one step then collapsed. 

“I'm fine! I'm fine” Josiah says as if he were in a About to pass out. 

“Walk it off Josiah!” Mr. Gable yelled. “What a fine game Kassie, after a performance like that, I think I can sway the principal to add a new sports to the list” He says with a gleeful smile. 

“Not after she sees five of her students laid out after one game” Kassie replies, followed by her walking away from Mr Gable 

“Mr. Gable! What is the meaning of this!” A women yelled, clearly a superior. 

“Uh, uh,… it was just a little game of dodgeball” Mr Gable says scratching his while trying to giggle away Principal McPherson’s demeanor. 

“My office, now!” Principal McPherson yells, silencing everyone else in the gym. 

“Yes, ma’am” Mr Gable replies as he power walked to catch up to Principal McPherson’s quick pace leaving the gym. 

“Drew definitely doesn't like you now” Thomas says to Kassie, walking into her eye range. “Come on Josiah, I'll take you to the nurse”

“Let me join you”

“Nah, I got this; you had to visit the office, didn't you?” Thomas replied as he walked past Kassie, Josiah’s arm slung around the back of his neck, toward the wooden exit doors.

