---
title: Opening Session
id: 73
type: Text
synopsis: MAIN is introduced; her true power have yet to show. But a budding force, starting high school, may ignite it for this, normally, anti-social teen
---

Cold Open

*Knock Knock Knock*

“Kassie! Kassie, please wake up!”

“I know this is tough on you; I know, but sweetie you will meet a new friend at this school. I promise, just please get ready for your first day of school.”

“Kassie!” 

*Sighing*

“Breakfast is on the table; just please get ready for school. I have a patient coming in and I need to get to my office right after I drop you off”

“Ok.” Kassie replies softly. “Thank you sweetie”, her mother replies back; relieved she is putting up less of a fight. Having to meet new people was something Kassie never grasped. She mostly tended to herself. But the last time she was thrusted into a new situation, new setting, new people; was when she first got to middle school. It took her mother a week just to get her to finally attend school.

Kassie was to make one friend; unfortunately that friend lived in a different district, so they ended up going to a rival high school. 

Kassie finally crawls out of bed. She steps lightly into her bathroom, always walking on her toes; something she learned in karate, aikido to be exact. It was a perfect martial art for her. She learned how to defend herself while also making sure she didn't hurt her opponent. 

Don't misunderstand her tendency to be anti-social, she did not fear confrontation. Her mother had her take classes after she noticed some kids picking on Kassie, she is now a brown belt and will soon be a black belt. Her sensei, aside from her mother, was the only person that she confided in. 

“Kassie! Your food is getting cold!” Her mom yells nicely. 

“Okay mom, I'm almost done getting dressed.”

Kassie finishes with a perfume her mother likes. It was something her grandmother had. It was passed down to her, from her mother. It is in a beautiful bottle with a special inscription on the bottom; “she who bares this scent, can bare the weight of the world”. Her mother could never understand it, so she gave it to Kassie as inspiration for going to high school. 

Kassie trots down the steps to the kitchen. On the table is her favorite, cinnamon eggos with turkey sage sausage. 

“Hurry baby, we don't want to be late!”

That's was her mother's way of saying “we don't have time for your syrup ritual.” 

- Syrup Ritual - 

Cut down eggos to little toast, stack vertically, like a loaf. Pour syrup around the perimeter of the loaf. Dip each slice as pull from loaf. 

“Forget it… I don't have much of an appetite.” Kassie exclaimed, followed by shrugging her shoulders. 

“Come here sweetie” [MAIN Parent 1] says caringly, noticing the mood change in her voice. 

Kassie stands abruptly from the table, and trots over toward her mother. They meet for a hug; “sweetie, it will be okay. This first day will be a breeze, and so will the rest!” 

Kassie, holding back tears, replies, “lets just get it over with!”

“I'm with you, let's go.” 

Leaving each other's embrace, her mother grabs the keys and they both walk toward the garage door; leaving the plate of food on the table for their housekeeper. A rarity, leaving dishes out, since [MAIN Parent 1] is a neat freak. 

Nothing wrong with a neat freak. Having a clean house is inviting; but due time constraints, she simply forgot. 

