---
title: That B***h Has My Roster
id: 5
type: Text
---

“Yeah, so Ms. Jones is like the coolest. She's always on the phone so you have to kinda announce yourself when you walk in to get a response from her. She's like 26 too; she's always wearing the dopest clothes too. Straight from the magazine type…why are you so quiet?” Drew say, following it with a giggle. 

“So are you going to say something, or is this a one way street?” Drew followed with. 

“No, I mean yes, I mean” 

*Sighing*

“It's okay, talking is something we can work on” Drew says just to lighten the mood. “Your first class is this way…Pre Calculus. Aye! We have gym together!”

Kassie continues to go along with it, mostly since Drew had her roster.

“Here's your class, room 1023”

*Drew looks through the window to see who was also in her class. She gives a shocked look that then turns to a smile *

“Why don't I attend this class with you, since you aren't really a talker” Drew proposes.

“Come on” Drew says to Kassie as she opens the door to the class. 

“Hello Mr. Brubaker, you have a new student here”

“Hello new student” Mr. Brubaker says to Kassie. “What's your name?”

“Kassie” she says.

“Alright class, we have a new student name Kassie that will be joining us.”

“Okay, find a seat” Mr. Brubaker says to Kassie

Kassie notices that Drew already found a seat. She waves Kassie over to sit with her. As she walks over, she notices Thomas siting next to Drew. 

“Hey newbie… I mean Kassie” Thomas says

“Hey Thomas” Kassie replies

“You already know each other?” Drew asks to both of them

“Yeah, and…”. Thomas says to Drew

Kassie sits down in between Drew and Thomas 

“Wow, you smell amazing” Thomas says rather loudly. 

“Thank you” Kassie replies with a slight blush on her face. She pushed some of her hair behind her ear and turns slightly to hide the blushing. Unfortunately she was turning toward Drew, who notices.

“No reason” Drew says

“Why are you here, you aren't in pre calc yet” Thomas asks Drew

“I'm here to help Kassie” Drew says to Thomas, just to give an answer.

“You know you will be marked absent in your actual class, right” Thomas says

“Yeah, and…” Drew says while folding her arms. 

“Um, Ms. Davenport, you aren't in my class…please go to the class you are supposed to be in before you are late” Mr. Brubaker says sternly

“Fine” Drew says

“Told you” Thomas follows up with

“Whatever; see both of you at gym” Drew says while walking out the class.

“You have gym with us” Thomas asks Kassie

“Yeah, I think so”

“Shoot” 

“What?” Thomas asks

“Drew still has my roster” Kassie says

“It's okay, they’ll give you a pass since it's you first day. Just shadow me until gym class” Thomas proposed to Kassie.

Kassie realized that this may actually benefit her. She doesn't know the school all that well; so, why not she thinks.

“Sure” Kassie says, saying it loud enough this time; she found her speech.

“Since you are chatty back there Thomas, I'm sure you could tell me the derivative of e to the x power.”

“Uhhhh” is all Thomas is able to utter. 

“The answer is e to the x power” Kassie says to save Thomas from embarrassment.

“Correct Kassie; looks like you've found a study partner Thomas”

“Thanks. Lunch is next, we can talk there” Thomas quietly says to Kassie.

After realizing Kassie was up to speed, in terms of Calculus, Mr. Brubaker began to “pop quiz” all of the other students in an arrogant matter. 

*Ding Ding*

“Alright class, remember to do chapters 4 and 5 for homework this weekend.” Mr. Brubaker yells over the ruckus of the students fleeing his class.

“No excuses Josiah, I'm done hearing the ‘dog ate my homework’ clichés”

“Since when was this english class Mr. Brubaker” Josiah says, sarcastically, as he ran out of class. 

“Follow me, the cafeteria is this way”

“Do you think Drew is gonna be there?”

“Probably…and if she is, you'll meet her ‘friends’ too” Thomas says while using air quotes over the word friends. 

“Okay”

They pass through a set of glass doors just down the hall from Mr. Brubaker’s room. Through there, they go to the end of that hall, and go into a stairwell, walking downward toward the cafeteria. 

As Kassie and Thomas made their way down the stairwell, other students gossiped about them. Kassie noticed, but Thomas paid no mind. 

“Did you see those people chatting about us; why would they do that?” Kassie said to Thomas.

“To be honest, I'm pretty popular here. I don't know why though” Thomas replies. 

They both reach the doors to the cafeteria. When they entered, the noise of people chatting went down. 

“That's weird” Kassie says under her breath. 

“There's Drew” Thomas exclaims while pointing to the back corner of the cafeteria. “That's where all of the popular people sit…come on”

As they walk towards Drew, someone next to Drew, tapped her on the shoulder and pointed toward Thomas.

“Hey guys!” Drew yells. “You two look like quite a couple!” She says condescending toward Kassie.

“Do you still have my roster?” Kassie quickly asks Drew

“I gave it back to you in Brubaker’s class” Drew replies

“Um, no you…” Kassie says before being cut off by one of Drew’s friends

“Are you calling her a liar” an unknown friend says

“Chill ladies” Thomas says to the group. “We can grab another one from the office; we already know we have gym together” he continues. 

Thomas asks Kassie, “You hungry?”, just to change up the mood; to which she answers “Not anymore, I'll see you at gym” as she power walked away from the “popular corner”. Thomas yelled “But you don’t know…where it is”, lowering his voice by each word as Kassie walked further away.

Right through the doors of which she came, she asked the first student she saw, “which way is the gym?”

“Yeah, um…go down that hall, make a left into the stairwell, and go up to the third floor. It's on the right, you can't miss it!”

“Thanks uh; what's was your name? I'm Kassie”

“I know, my name is Josiah, we have pre calc together; well see ya, I have to get some food“

“Thanks again Josiah”

“No problem”




